Update munin blogpost (#233)
centre-for-humanities-computing/danish-foundation-models: docs/blog/posts/munin-7b-alpha.md

which has been instrumental in training various Danish BERT-style models.

<!-- more -->

> The model has been trained for one epoch over the dataset and ends up with a loss 1.27 on the Danish Gigaword. See more the model training logs [here](missing).

Author: ```suggestion
The model has been trained for one epoch over the dataset and ends up with a loss 1.27 on the Danish Gigaword. See more the model training logs [here](https://api.wandb.ai/links/rlrs/wbqovk26).
```
